Add a 'stubtest' flag to METADATA.toml (#6687)
python/typeshed: CONTRIBUTING.md

  [removing obsolete third-party libraries](#third-party-library-removal-policy).
  It contains the first version of the corresponding library that ships
  its own `py.typed` file.
* `stubtest` (default: `true`): Whether stubtest should be run against this

>   package. Please add a comment with the reason when disabling stubtest.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  package. Please avoid setting this to `false`, and add a comment if you have to.
```
